Bizbuzz (Temporary name)
The company is trying to make the B2B dealings easier and more efficient. The vision of the company is to establish itself as a B2B e-commerce player.

Brief about the industry:
There have been several attempts to create B2B e-commerce. Alibaba is the most successful example. Amazon supply is another example that is picking up. In India, notable attempts have been of Indiamart and tradeinida. But the primary purpose of these Indian attempts have been to become a searching site for business. They haven't focussed on showcasing product assortment. Power2sme has done fantastic job in brining efficiency by removing middleman in sme sourcing in a few industries. There are a few reasons because of which B2B e-commerce hasn't picked up in India. Relationship based business dealings, existence of credit period, non-tech savy nature of business people etc. With the advent of smartphones, people have started using technology. Whatsapp is being used by almost every person. And it is the best time that mobile based e-commerce should be targetted to take advantage of these developments.

Immediate aim:
Immediate aim is to build a MVP (minimum viable product), roll it out to 15-20 clients, reiterate the product till it becomes perfect and identify the adoptability of the product in the market.

Your role:
You will be working on the MVP along with the team (which is only myself right now). After the MVP is over, the reiteration of the product will be done on a continuous basis. Once the business side of the project is verified, full fledged product development will commence.
Apart from that, if you want to involve yourself a bit on business side, which I would advice you should for learning purpose, being the initial member of the team, you are free to do that.

As both of us don't know each other promising at this date will be highly risky for both the company and yourself. I propose the following:
1. Send us snapshots of your work till now (github links or something).
2. You will start working on the MVP from your home. Within 15 days of the start of work, we will decide that we can work together. This would be a guarantee for a job, which means an internship for 2-3 months and then a salaried job after raise of funding.
3. Within one-two month after we start working at our office, we would decide that we can have long term committment. This would mean a 1-3 percent of ESOPs with a one year cliff and thereafter monthly vestment for three years (a total of four years vesting schedule) which is the industry standard. The factors that will be driving this decision would be company-employee fit and ability and enthusiasm shown by the employee in learning new technical concepts and delivering the work in a timely manner. Also, there will be an inverse relationship between the amount of salary drawn after funding and the number of espos granted (within the range of 1-3 percent).
4. There is a rare possibility of further improvement of Esop shares. The factors that will drive this decision would be the ability to attract excellent talent when required and build/manage the technical team.

Please let me know your thoughts for the same.

Also, please send me a brief timeline about your academic committments and your availability.
